столько Surprisingly, the
army
The weather is extremely good.
On the 4th, the enemy's large squadron is at the rear of the enemy's large squadron.
The Isukawa Sanyu is completely out of this.
They are at the front line of the Yamato-dan Tozai.
Next, the enemy's large squadron is at the rear of the rear-line of the Kofojin squadron.
On the 8th, the enemy's large squadron is at the rear of the Yamato-dan Tozai.
But in the course of this day and age, the enemy is almost resistant.
I will present the results one by one.
The battle has been decided.
It has been seven days since the first attack began.
However, the enemy on the Maribles and the Corredor side have continued to resist.
The battle has been decided.
The enemy on the Maribles and the Corredor side have continued to resist.
The main battle in this area is...
The number of soldiers in the Maribles is over 40,000.
The number of soldiers in the Corredor side is 196,000.
The number of soldiers in the Corredor side is 340,000.
The number of soldiers in the Corredor side is different depending on the battle.
The number of soldiers in the Corredor side is 20,000.
The number of soldiers in the Corredor side is 1,000.
The number of soldiers in the Corredor side is 100,000.